feat: add proxy server for proving (#930)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: bin/tx-prover/README.md

# Miden transaction prover

A service for generating Miden transaction proofs on-demand. It is split in two binaries: worker
and proxy.

The worker is a gRPC service that can receive transaction witnesses and returns the proof. It can
only handle one request at a time and returns an error if is already in use.

The proxy uses [Cloudflare's Pingora crate](https://crates.io/crates/pingora), which provides features to create a modular proxy. It is

> meant to handle multiple workers with a queue for each one. Further information about Pingora and it's features can be found in the [official GitHub repository](https://github.com/cloudflare/pingora).

Reviewer: nit: we usually don't manually wrap lines in Markdown files.

A service for generating Miden transaction proofs on-demand. It is split in two binaries: worker
and proxy.

The worker is a gRPC service that can receive transaction witnesses and returns the proof. It can
only handle one request at a time and returns an error if is already in use.

The proxy uses Cloudflare's Pingora crate, which provides features to create a modular proxy. It is
meant to handle multiple workers with a queue for each one.

## Installation

Install the prover worker and proxy binaries for production using `cargo`:

```sh
cargo install miden-tx-prover-worker --locked
cargo install miden-tx-prover-proxy --locked
```

This will install the latest official version of the prover. You can install a specific version using `--version <x.y.z>`:

```sh
cargo install miden-tx-prover-worker --locked --version x.y.z
cargo install miden-tx-prover-proxy --locked --version x.y.z
```

To install both services at once from the source code using specific git revisions you can use `cargo install`. Note that since these aren't official releases we cannot provide much support for any issues you run into, so consider this for advanced users only:

```sh
# Install from a specific branch

> cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-worker --branch <branch>

Reviewer 2: I think we can avoid explicitly mentioning how this can be installed from Github (although I think mentioning it like you did above is fine), but I also don't mind if you prefer to keep these

cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-proxy --branch <branch>

# Install a specific tag
cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-worker --tag <tag>
cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-proxy --tag <tag>

# Install a specific git revision
cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-worker --rev <git-sha>
cargo install --locked --git https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden/miden-base miden-tx-prover-proxy --rev <git-sha>
```
If you want to build from a local version, from the root of the workspace you can run:

```bash
make install-prover-worker
make install-prover-proxy
```

> Note that for the prover worker you might need to add the `testing` feature in case you need. This step will also generate the necessary protobuf-related files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that for the prover worker you might need to enable the `testing` feature in case the transactions were executed with reduced proof-of-work requirements (or otherwise, the proving process will fail). This step will also generate the necessary protobuf-related files.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, maybe we should mention that it can be installed with `make install-prover-worker-testing` while we are explaining this

> ## Running the Service

Reviewer: We should probably explain somewhere in this section what happens under various conditions. For example:

1. What happens if the worker crushes? Would it be automatically removed from the set of workers jobs get allocated to?
  a. Also, what happens if the worker reboots (i.e., goes down but then comes back up a short while later)?
3. What happens if the worker fails to prove something (i.e., returns an error)? Is the job assigned to a different worker or dropped entirely? Also, is the worker considered "faulty" in some way or does the load balancer continue assigning tasks to it?

Author: I added the answer of both questions in the README, let me know if it is not enough.

We could improve a lot the workers control from the proxy perspective when we have a health check endpoint in place, I just opened an issue to implement it.

Author: Also, added a simple retry method for requests in the case a worker is not working. It just retries N times (defined by a constant) with different workers, still using the round-robin approach.
